# WEB APP GROUP 5

Project developed as an assignment for Web Application Development subject, Software Engineering degree.
Rey Juan Carlos University 2019/2020

Development off a web application for La Caverna del Dragon association (URJC - Mostoles).

## PHASE 0: Project attributes

## Developer team
* Alfonso Pajuelo Aguirre	| va.pajuelo@alumnos.urjc.es	| alfonsopajueloaguirre
* Carlos Palomares Becerra	| c.palomaresb@alumnos.urjc.es	| carlospabe
* Daniel Moreno Godoy		| d.moreno.2016@alumnos.urjc.es	| Danielmg21
* Miguel Jiménez Granizo	| m.jimenezgra@alumnos.urjc.es	| byGranizo
* Óscar Rivas Melar         | o.rivas.2017@alumnos.urjc.es 	| oscar-llury

### Project description
**Entities:**
* Tournaments: date and location, game rules and team quota.
* Registered teams: team acronym (4 digits), maximum team members and team's logo.
* Users in a team: registered users profiles.

**User's role and permissions:**
- Registered users that belong to the association:
  - President and vicepresident: association's members permisisions and responsabilities managment  
  - Secretary: events and tournaments managment.
  - Treasurer: accounts manager and merchandising store managment.
  - Board member: site maintenance and user support.
- Registered user: profile and preferences managment, join events and purchase merchandising.
- Visitors: browse the website

**Complementary tecnology:**
Subscribe to the newsletter.
Contact block by application form.

**Advanced query or algorithm:**
Based on user's purchases and inscripted activites, they will recieve a mail about new events according to this preferences.

## PHASE 1: Website structure by HTML and CSS
**Table of contents**:
  - Main page:
  - About us:
  - Contact:
  - Merchandising:
  - Events:
  - Management: exclusive to registered user that belong to the association. 
  

## PHASE 2: Web with HTML generated by servidor and AJAX

## PHASE 3: API REST to the web application and docker deployment

## PHASE 4: Web with SPA architecture
